Subtitles by sub.Trader
subscene.com
NWS has upgraded the storm
Telmar to a category 2.
Heavy rain and wind speed up to
85 mph are to be expected.
This is Desert Eagle.
Still no visual on the 3 missing hikers.
Bravo, Charlie, please confirm
CIS with rescue ops.
Come on!
This is Rescue Team One,
Lima Charlie.
Our dogs are negative on the hikers,
but it's getting worse down here.
- Storm is speeding up.
- Desert Eagle, what's the status up there?
There is a flood throughout building.
Gonna get your guys off the mountain. Over.
All teams to higher ground.
Big fall of water coming.
Rescue ops - retreat
or seek shelter.
Where's that volunteer on horse back?
He's not on radio.
He's gotta be on his way back.
He'd be crazy to downhill this.
Too much turbulence.
We bring it in before we're back here.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hey! Hey!
- Hey. Over here!
- Help us!
- Hey!
The water is going. There is
a lot of water coming.
Get on!
I'm here with my wife.
Have you seen my wife?
- Come on. Get on.
- You got us go and she could be right down there.
She's not. I found her down the river.
She's gone.
- Please, Jaime, let's go!
- I'm gonna go find her.
Jaime!
Come on down!
Get over that round rock!
Come on, boy.
Get in close.
Hold as tight as you can!
Are we gonna die?
- So where did you find them?
- 2 miles down stream at Base Canyon.
- Did you get a positive ID?
- Not yet, it's pretty torn up.
Hey, who is he?
Volunteers from time
to time, captain.
Nam burning op,
but he's a hell of a tracker.
You alright, John?
Wife got killed in the first wave,
husband ran away.
Yeah, we found them about
a mile down the river.
You did what you could, John.
And we appreciate
your help, again.
Hey, Mr.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Good boy.
- Are you tired?
- I am.
You must be freezing.
Hot coffee will help
you warm up.
I heard the news.
Two people died.
Couldn't save them.
Couldn't save my brothers
in the war either.
You cannot blame yourself because
you gonna save some people.
You are not in the war anymore.
Only in your head.
It's hard to turn off.
Sitting there, you remind
me of your father.
He would sit outside,
in his rocking chair.
Always thinking,
never talking.
But you have done a
wonderful job here.
Running this place.
I can't thank you enough
for letting me stay.
And helping raise Gabriella.
Thanks.
Good night, Maria.
Easy, easy, easy.
Good boy. Come on. Turn.
Hold, son. Hold, son.
Come on, son. That's it.
Turn, turn.
Come on. Come on, son.
Come on.
Buenos días.
How did you sleep?
Pretty good.
I didn't see Gabri's car.
She called. She's fine, John.
She's at Antonia's.
I was hoping she'd help me ride
that new bald-faced stallion.
She'd like that horse.
He turns great. Great turner.
Yeah.
You know,
she'd be a good trainer.
She's got a way with horses.
Don't you think?
Mm, maybe.
But she is going to college.
You think she wants to smell like
horses all the time like you?
That bad?
Not at all,
if you like horses.
- Hey!
- Hey! Over here!
Have you seen my wife?
Make no mistake about it.
We are going to win.
I can assure you that,
militarily,
this strategy will not succeed.
- Uncle John!
- In here!
Hey.
Afternoon.
Did you finish
working out the horses?
Yeah, pretty much.
What you working on?
You know what this is?
A small knife.
No, it's Damascus steel.
It's a letter opener I made for
when you go away to college.
And I'm gonna add on
these white handles.
Letter opener?
It'd be beautiful
on your desk.
Oh.
Uh, I hate to break it to you,
but nobody writes letters anymore.
Well, then you can use it
to keep the boys away.
- Anyway.
- Okay.
- Push
- Okay, jeez.
- Have to grease theses hinges.
- I can help.
Okay.
How did it go last night?
Well, not that many poople
showed up to the party.
- Why not?
- Because of the rain.
Grandma told me what
happened last night.
About the people who died.
You okay?
You know it's not
your fault, right?
You tried.
I did try.
Do you want to go to ride?
- Yeah, go puts your boots on.
- Okay.
It's crazy.
I'm about to start college.
I don't know why.
I have no idea what I want to do yet.
Did you know what you
wanted to do at my age?
Yeah,
I wanted to be a soldier.
At my age?
Even before your age.
Did you like it?
Well, I had some of the best
friends I ever had for a while.
It's gonna be real
quiet around here
without you asking
all these questions.
- I'm sure you'll survive.
- Yeah.
The sun's setting.
I only have about an hour
left to ride, okay?
- Why is that?
- I have to go to Antonia's.
She's throwing this thing for the guys
who are going to college in the fall.
Why don't you invite them here?
What?
Bring them over here.
Remember what happened
last time?
- You freaked them out.
- Why?
Because you wouldn't stop
staring at them.
Oh, no.
Yeah, I do that sometimes,
but it's not intentional.
Thank you,
but Antonia's got it covered.
We're just gonna
have it there, okay?
Show them the tunnels.
What?
You don't let anybody go
in the tunnels.
No, but they're your friends,
so they're welcome.
- Okay, cool. Yeah.
- Yeah, show them the tunnels.
- Yeah, that would be fun.
- Yeah.
Hey, I'm really gonna miss
riding with you.
I'm gonna miss
riding with you too.
Get ready.
Whoa!
Isn't this cool?
He's never let anyone down here.
This is crazy, man.
This music is awful.
If her mother heard this.
Do you like it?
I could get used to it.
I hope she's having
a good time.
You never let me
in the tunnels. Hmm?
If you really wanna go in,
I'll take you on a guided tour.
No, thank you. Too dirty.
It is that.
This is a great place
for a party, baby.
Not right now, okay?
I have a lot on my mind.
No, I understand.
-Did you draw that?
-Yeah.
I drew that, actually,
when I was ten years old.
That's a masterpiece.
-Who's that?
I gotta take this. Gizelle?
Hey, girl, can you hear me?
The reception is not so good.
No, no. Yeah, yeah. I hear you.
Tell me everything.
- Gabrielle?
- Yeah?
What are you doing down here?
All of your friends have left.
They made a big mess.
I'm just cleaning up.
So, how did it go?
Um, everyone had
a good time.
They kept asking me why my
uncle built these tunnels.
What did you say?
I said that you like digging
and you're a little crazy.
That's fair enough.
I need to talk to you
about something.
And I just want you to have
an open mind about it.
I need to go to Mexico.
Why would you
want to do that?
Because I found my father.
My friend Gizelle,
who lives there--
Well, she used to live here.
Do you remember her?
Mm-hmm.
I asked her for a favor,
and she found him.
He lives in a town
near hers.
Uncle John, I have to do this.
I need to hear it from him.
I need to understand
why he would just do that.
Because he's not a good man.
- Can't be that simple.
- It is.
Uncle John, I've heard the stories.
I know you've been through a lot.
But my world is
a lot different from yours.
No, it's not.
It's worse.
People don't just act bad
for no reason.
There's no reason for a man
to throw his family away.
He's lucky he has one.
-Why are you getting so mad?
-Because you don't know how bad it is.
I know how black
a man's heart can be.
There's nothing good
out there, Gabrielle.
-Maybe he's changed.
-Men like that don't change.
It only gets worse.
You changed.
I haven't changed.
I'm just trying to
keep a lid on it, every day.
Uncle John,
I need you to trust me.
I need you to know that
I'm gonna make good decisions.
I can't control
what's out there.
You can't just
protect me forever.
As long as I'm around,
he's never gonna hurt you again.
No one is.
You said you did what you
thought was right and left at 17,
and nobody stopped you.
I wish they had.
Gabrielle, I care for you
like a daughter.
I know you want answers.
Just wait a little while.
Grow up a little bit.
Know about the world
a little bit.
Would you do that
for me, please?
All right.
Thanks.
- I'm gonna go to bed.
- Good night.
Good night.
He doesn't want you.
- I just wanna know why.
- It doesn't matter.
This man is a bastard.
He doesn't have a heart or a soul.
What's going on?
She wants to see
her father.
Gabrielle, I thought
we had an understanding.
We did. We did. I'm sorry.
But I've been thinking
about it all night, and...
I just want answers now,
not later.
How did you
find him?
Gizelle helped me.
Gizelle.
She is still hanging out with that girl.
- Gizelle has bad influence on you.
- She changed.
No, she's not.
I was very happy when she moved out of here.
She's trying to help me.
He won't even remember you.
He's never been a father to you.
That man
is more your father.
Watching over you,
protecting you.
These last ten years,
he was the father.
- And not that bastard.
- Maria, go easy.
No. Why?
Because.
He, simply, doesn't
deserve to see you.
He never once went to the hospital
when your mother was dying from cancer.
One Christmas John had to pull him off
your mother because he was beating her.
That's enough.
Tell her.
I don't want you to see him.
We won't allow you to go
to that dangerous place.
- Please.
- Enough!
Okay.
You're right. I won't go.
I'm gonna go to Antonia's.
- Okay.
- Sorry.
It's all right. She's a kid.
Uncle John!
Sorry about everything earlier!
That's okay!
Okay.
Hey! Come here!
Look at you.
You are so beautiful.
Time goes by but
you are still the same.
Still a virgin?
Relax. I'm joking.
You must be tired from the road.
-You want something to drink?
-No, I'm okay.
I do.
I'll just sit here.
You know, I can feel you
looking around.
What?
It's a nice house, huh?
Yeah, it's fine.
I can feel you
looking at me too.
No.
No. You look great.
I know I've changed.
Life down here,
it ain't easy, my sister.
You do what you can.
Yeah, I get it.
I appreciate you so much
for helping me find my dad.
I mean, it wasn't easy,
but it's cool.
-Let me give you something--
-No, no, no.
You think I'm
some fucking charity case?
No, Gizelle.
- I didn't--
- I was kidding.
Okay.
I actually believed you
there for a second.
You know I would never
hurt your feelings like that.
...we'll go see your old man.
Okay.
Hyah. Come on!
Hyah.
Come on!
Here it is, 172.
Go on.
Get your daddy, girl.
Apartment number two. Okay.
Hola.
Is Manuel here?
Who are you?
I need to talk to him.
- What do you want?
- Who are you talking to?
- Who is she, Manuel?
- I'll explain to you later.
I didn't know your phone number.
I did not expect this.
It's been
a very long time.
I know.
You're all grown up now,
Gabriela.
How did you find me?
It wasn't easy.
You always had a good head
on your shoulders.
Even as a little girl,
you always did good in school.
I need to talk to you.
Just now you looked
just like your mother.
Really?
Yes, very much.
You could almost be her twin.
Thank you. Um, I need to--
I need to ask you a question.
Of course.
Why did you leave us?
I'm just trying to understand
why you would just go like that.
Okay.
Because one day,
I looked at your mother and you
and realized you both didn't
mean anything to me anymore.
I know it's hard
to understand.
But I wasted time
being with you...
and her.
And she fucking dies
and leaves me with you,
who I never wanted.
Any more questions?
You don't need to come back.
Okay.
I have to go now.
Hey, what happened?
Girl, what happened?
I should've listened to him.
He was right the whole time.
-I gotta get back home tonight.
-Who?
Fuck that!
You're not gonna drive home.
It's too late
and you're too upset.
Yo, let me help you.
You gotta calm down, though.
We'll do something
to get this out of your mind.
I'll drive.
Hi.
Hi. How are you?
- Hi.
Don Miguel.
Thank you for coming.
Do you want something to drink?
- I don't have much time.
- Let's go straight to business.
I heard you want to
expand your business.
I want to grow.
With your help I can achieve that.
We'd be partners.
I always look for new whores.
I've exported more than
17 000 girls last year.
Even the ugliest ones,
can make us more than 300 000.
Don Miguel, you look perfect!
Leave us.
I knew you would like our girls.
They are of the best quality.
I heard you sent a
shipment to New York.
Leave us, Victor.
I need to speak to Miguel.
So speak here.
What's the problem?
Hugo, after you guys decide who
runs the place, let me know.
Please give me a minute, Don Miguel.
Victor.
What is wrong with you?
Do you know what's on the line?
What are you talking about?
I work my ass off,
getting the best whores.
And I cannot be present
when business is happening?
You make me look bad.
- Go easy.
- Shut your mouth.
This is not the time,
nor place to play around.
There is a lot of money on the line.
You do your way,
and I'll do mine.
Excuse me.
John! John!
-What's the matter?
-She never went to Antonia's.
-She went to Mexico.
-What?
Gizelle called.
Gabriela went to see her father
and never came back.
Did you get an address?
And her father's too.
What happened, John?
-Should I call the police?
-Cops can't cross the border.
Down there, they don't do shit.
Please, John.
Bring my girl back.
I'll find her.
I can't control
what's out there.
You can't
just protect me forever.
Listen carefully.
I love my dogs.
But if they try to escape.
It pisses me off.
And when that happens,
they need to be punished.
What did I tell you?
On your knees.
If any of you think
that you can escape.
Go for it.
Run.
But I will find you.
And I will kill you.
I give you my word.
I'm looking for Gabrielle.
She's not here.
Where is she?
I don't know anything.
All this shit
is because of you.
I should've broke
your fucking neck ten years ago.
Gizelle.
Who are you?
What do you want?
My name is John.
We've met a few times before.
I'm looking for Gabrielle.
She's not here.
Do you know
where she could be?
I don't know.
She wanted help
finding her old man.
That's all I know.
You mind if I ask you a few
questions about what happened?
Okay,
but I don't know much.
Inside,
if you don't mind.
Okay.
She was so sad.
He basically told her to fuck off,
and I just wanted to help.
Then what happened?
What happened?
She was crying a lot.
And it made me feel bad.
I didn't want to bring her back to
this shithole because it's depressing.
I thought it might be better
if I took her out,
calm her down, get her head
clear, maybe get some drinks.
And then we went to this place,
and then we got separated.
And I don't know
what happened!
How?
Because I drank too much.
It happens.
I was talking to a
couple of friends,
and then I looked up
and she wasn't there.
And I looked for her
everywhere.
And I thought
maybe she left.
I don't know.
She left
without saying goodbye?
Yeah, I don't know, maybe.
Somebody drove me there,
and I don't even know who.
And, yeah,
I said I was fucked up.
Was she talking to anyone,
any guys?
What?
Was she talking
to any guys?
I don't know, man!
Maybe.
She must've talked
to a few guys.
Why you asking me all this shit?
You think I'm lying to you?
You called my house and said she
never came back from her father's.
Yeah,
I was giving you a heads-up.
-Or covering your ass.
-Man, fuck you--
Where did you get this?
She gave it to me, man.
It was her mother's.
She'd never give it to you.
You sold her out.
She was your friend.
Fuck you! Get out of my place!
Look at me.
You're gonna take me
to that club,
and you're gonna show me
who she was with.
Or I'm gonna hurt you real bad.
Let's go.
Get out.
Shit, man.
I can't go in there.
People know me.
I gotta live down here.
You're gonna go inside and you're
gonna point them out.
If you do anything else,
then I promise I'll put a bullet
in your head before they can get me.
Move.
I haven't changed. I'm just
trying to keep a lid on it.
My world is
a lot different from yours.
Because you don't know
how bad it is.
I know how black a
man's heart can be.
That's the guy, man.
On the couch.
- We're cool, right?
- Fuck off.
Get out of here.
I'll be back.
Get out!
Where is she?
I don't know that whore.
Okay.
Start telling me where she is,
or I'll break it off.
Okay. Okay.
I'll tell you!
Girls, listen up.
I want you available at any time!
Day or night.
Fuck 40-50 men, at least.
And you don't stop until
we allow you to do so.
And no games!
Stop here.
Which house?
The one on the top.
With the lights on.
Let's go! They are all yours!
Have fun!
Hey Gringo?
What's up?
Subtitles by sub.Trader
subscene.com
Nice.
What do you want?
You got lost, old man?
Nothing?
Or maybe I should cut off
your tongue with that knife?
Victor.
Arizona?
What happened?
You ran out of whores in America?
- I think I know her.
- Yeah?
Fresh meat.
Who is she to you?
That's enough!
Pick him up.
Let her go.
What?
Let her--
-Let her go.
- Let her go.
Stop playing with him.
Throw him in the barrel with acid.
"John Rambo."
Juanito Rambo.
Wanna know something, Juanito?
These girls mean nothing to me
or my customers.
In my world, they're nothing.
They're not people.
They're just--
They're just things.
They have no worth
to men like us.
So I would have not
paid attention to this...
to her.
But now I will.
Because you coming here has made
it very bad for her, cabrón.
We would've just trained her,
used her and sold her.
But now we're gonna make
an example of her.
I'm gonna let you live.
- What are you talking about?
- Shut up!
You're gonna think about this every
fucking day of your fucking life.
Until you can't think
anymore, Juanito.
Mark him, and
his whore as well.
On the cheek.
Cut deep.
We need to
get out of here.
Get up.
Let me help you.
Can you stand?
Okay, you have to get up.
They will come back.
Let her go.
You think I'm stupid?
No, I don't think that.
I wanted to kill him straight away
and you didn't let me.
You embarassed me there.
What do you want?
Give me his girl.
- This is business.
- I know, but now it's personal.
Alright.
No, no, no!
Please. Don't!
Who is he?
Who is this man?
Where did you find it?
- No, no, no!
- Who is he?
I don't care.
He's lying in the dirt,
half dead.
With my mark
on his cheek.
Here you go.
Now it's your turn.
Stiches will hold
if he lays still.
He has a concussion.
He should be in hospital.
- I know.
- Okay.
Because of the concussion,
he will be susceptible to
bright lights and sound.
He should be fine
in couple of days.
But you should be careful,
you know this is dangerous.
- Don't worry.
- Fine.
You're up.
Yeah.
Are you okay?
Who are you?
Carmen Delgado.
What is your name?
John.
Your truck is in the garage,
by the way.
How did I get here?
I brought you here.
You don't even know me.
Why do I have to know you?
Um...
You were in trouble.
I don't know,
I would do it for anyone.
Why were you even there?
I'm an independent journalist.
I was following
El Flaco...
a pimp who drugs
and sells girls.
I saw you in the club,
watching him.
I saw what you did to him.
How long have I been here?
-Four days.
-Four days?
Mm-hmm.
Christ.
You gotta tell me...
Where are the men
that took her?
Who did they take?
Your daughter?
Yeah. Where is she?
Who are they?
The Martínez brothers.
They took my sister.
They found her dead from an
overdose three years ago.
I'm sorry.
You just gotta tell me
where you think they are.
No, it doesn't work this way.
There's too many of them.
Are you crazy or what?
I'm not thinking about that.
All I can think about is...
how scared she must be,
what she's going through,
and what your sister
went through.
Just help me, please.
I can't do it without you.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Thanks.
- What do you want?
- A girl, do you have young ones?
Come in.
We have a wide choice.
You'll enjoy it.
20 dollars.
- Run!
- I can't! I can't!
- Get up! Run!
- I can't!
They will kill me!
What is happening over there?!
No! No!
- Run!
- I can't!
-Gabrielle. Come here.
- No!
-No, Gabrielle! Gabrielle.
-No!
It's John.
-It's Uncle John.
It's all right. It's all right.
It's your uncle.
Okay. We're going home.
You're going home.
You're safe now.
No one saw nothing?
- I told you we should have killed him!
- Calm down, Victor.
It was him.
That fucking old man
came for his whore,
and he took her her.
- We will find and kill him.
- No, no, no...
I don't care.
That's on you.
What are you saying?
Next time
we do it my way.
Back to work.
Back to work!
Fuck!
You came back.
We're gonna get you back,
get you back home.
- I'm sorry.
- No. You didn't do anything.
You didn't do anything at all.
We're gonna go home,
and everything's gonna be good.
It's gonna be all right.
Okay.
I got this back for you.
Gabrielle, I need you
to keep your eyes open.
Keep your eyes open.
Let's talk about something.
I remember
you were a great rider.
Every event you were in,
every competition,
you'd win everything.
I remember you were
just about 11 years old.
You won five events in one day.
That's really something.
Gabrielle, stay with me.
You can do it.
We're gonna be home soon.
I'll take care of you.
You got so much life left.
You got so many things
you gotta do.
So many things.
When I came home a long
time ago, you were so young.
Gabrielle,
you were so young.
I was lost. I was a lost man.
And then I met you.
And I saw something that I
didn't think I'd ever see anymore:
Good in this world.
Some innocence.
And I had a family that
I never thought I'd ever have.
And raising you, it was the
best thing that ever happened to me.
And I thank you for that.
Thank you.
You're like the--
Gabrielle? Gabrielle.
Gabrielle. No, no.
Oh, don't do it.
Gabrielle?
Oh, God.
I'm sorry.
Why not me?
Wait!
I miss her.
I want you to stay
at your sister's.
There's nothing for you here,
nothing for me here.
Where will you go?
I'm just gonna move around.
Like always.
Will I see you again?
Mm-hmm. Sure.
I will miss this.
I will mourn for the
rest of my life.
It's like my heart has
been cut off.
Yeah.
Travel safe.
What do you want?
I need your help.
Come in.
If someone sees you,
we both will die.
Coming back here
is so dangerous.
Did you find her?
She's dead.
Oh, I'm...
I'm sorry.
I really am.
I know how you feel.
But coming back
was dangerous.
Why are you here?
I wanna find
the thin one.
No.
- The one that cut her.
- No.
The one that cut me.
I will not help you again.
You have to.
Why do I have to?
What will it change?
Nothing.
We grieve and move on.
And you've done that?
I mean,
I think of her every day.
Every fucking day.
But we have to move on.
What if you can't move on?
- What if you can't move on at all?
- But you have to.
We have no choice.
What's done is done.
Why is it done?
How is it ever done?
When I look
at something so innocent...
and I see that face
never have life in it again,
how is it ever done?
I want revenge.
I want them to know
that death is coming...
and there's nothing
they can do to stop it.
I want them
to feel our grief...
and know that's the last thing
they will ever feel.
And I know
you want it too.
Go!
Listen up!
Prepare!
5 to the barn.
Rest with me!
Bring me that
old man!
Follow me.
Come here!
He's in the cellar!
Here!
Chino, go there!
Rest with me!
Quiet. Follow me.
Over there!
Go check on them.
Chiaro, Carito.
Answer!
Chino, Pilon.
Answer me!
Son of a bitch!
Here!
They're all dead.
All of them.
I could've killed you
ten times.
But I wanted you last.
Fuck you.
No, fuck you, dead man.
I want you to feel my rage,
my hate,
when I reach into your chest
and rip out your heart!
Like you did mine.
Fuck you and
your whore!
You want to live?
Follow the lights.
This is what it feels like.
I've lived in a world of death.
I tried to come home,
but I never really arrived.
A part of my mind and soul...
got lost along the way.
But my heart was still here,
where I was born.
Where I would
defend to the end...
the only family
I've ever known.
The only home I've ever known.
All the ones I've loved
are now ghosts.
But I will fight...
to keep their memories alive...
forever.
Subtitles by sub.Trader
subscene.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org